readme.md, before:

# WKP7 - Library
### This website is about creating lists of books which have been read or unread.

Who doesn't like reading a book?  😄

I am going to build a list of books and the user are allowed to add thier own book in the lists. In addition, they can delete anybook at anytime they want.

## 1- What I have done to code this website

- I build a html and named the class needed
- I drag the elements wich I need from the html
- I created html in my js code for setting the lists 
- I created another html to add the input that the users added

## 2- Difficulties

I faced a lot of problems which is not solved till now
- Getting the checkbox works properly
- delete button doesn't delete the list which the user want to be deleted
- The input that the users added is reapeted twice in the list table
 
## 3- Things needed to improve

- I am still strugling to use the dataset and the id.

## 4- Something new

Having the local storage is still new to me but I still need some effort to it.

## 5- More explanation

I need more explanation about using dataset and the id, and also, the local storage.

## 6- Throwing error

I have got error that I couldn't solve. When I click my delete button, it throws an error. However, If I comment out the delete button function, it is gone but the delete don't work at all.

### ****Message***
I am so sorry that there are many things that is not finished in this project. I really didn't find any way to solve them. I still need some push from anyone especially our teacher.
**Thanks !!**

### Requirements :

-   When users load the app for the first time, a list of 3 books minimum should already be present on the list. The list will always be generated dynamically with some state in the javascript.
-   Users should be able to change the read attribute status by clicking the checkbox (and the changes will be reflected in the app state)
-   Users should be able to delete a book from the list by clicking the trash icon (and reflect that in the app state as well)
-   When a user come back to the app with the same browser, they should see the same book list as it was, before they left the app. Save the current book list to your browser's _Local Storage_.

### Tips :

-   Focus on the features first, and if you have some time left, try to replicate this design.
-   Start by choosing the book data structure, and create a few of them in the code.
-   Focus on your basic app functionality first, and then try to save the state of your app to _Local Storage_.
-   I suggest you to look back to the Shopping List exercise we did together (Video 57). There is a lot of similarities between the exercise and this project 😉

### Good luck team 🙌

Commit message:

modified the readme and try to find solution about the deletiing lists but it doen't solve

readme.md, after:

# WKP7 - Library

## Structure

### This website is about creating lists of books which have been read or unread.

Who doesn't like reading a book?  😄

I am going to build a list of books and the user are allowed to add thier own book in the lists. In addition, they can delete anybook at anytime they want.

## 1- What I have done to code this website

- I build a html and named the class needed
- I drag the elements wich I need from the html
- I created html in my js code for setting the lists 
- I created another html to add the input that the users added
- I used *"afterend"* to set the new list just after the table header because I don't want to sroll down every time I add the list. That is easier to find the lists added.


## 2- Difficulties

I faced a lot of problems which are not solved yet till now
- Getting the checkbox works properly
- delete button doesn't delete the list which the user want to be deleted
- The input that the users added is reapeted twice in the list table
 
## 3- Things needed to improve

- I am still strugling to use the dataset and the id.

## 4- Something new

Having the local storage is still new to me but I still need some effort to it.

## 5- More explanation

I need more explanation about using dataset and the id, and also, the local storage.

## 6- Throwing error

I have got error that I couldn't solve. When I click my delete button, it throws an error. However, If I comment out the delete button function, it is gone but the delete don't work at all.

### ****Message***
I am so sorry that there are many things that are not finished in this project. I really didn't find any way to solve them. I still need some pushes from anyone especially our teacher.
**Thanks !!**
